Title: delivery driver $21.50 / hr
- job post 
 Location: South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 Description: Urgently hiring
Job details
Salary
$21 - $22 an hour
Job Type
Full-time
Number of hires for this role
On-going need to fill this role
Qualifications

Driver's License (Required)

Driving: 1 year (Preferred)

Full Job Description

On Point Logistic Solutions is an Amazon Delivery Service Partner looking for reliable and enthusiastic, team players to deliver Amazon Packages.

Delivery Associates strive to get every Amazon order to the customers door on time. We offer full and part-time opportunities.

Company Vehicle Provided. No Commercial Drivers License Required!

8 hour shifts, available 7 days per week.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Safely drive and operate your delivery vehicle at all times.
Must be able to utilize a hand held device for routing and obtaining customer information.
Must be able to navigate a variety of routes throughout assigned delivery area.
Must be comfortable driving and working in various weather conditions.

Must be able to Perform the following tasks, with or without reasonable accommodations:

Must be able to lift 50 + pounds, load, and unload packages to be delivered.

Must be able to get in and out of van, and walk up and down stairs throughout your shift.

We strive to be the best in meeting customers satisfaction, performance goals, delivering smiles, and packages!

Compensation & Benefits:

$21 to $22 hourly pay depending on experience, and lead role assignment.
Health Insurance and Benefits
Paid Training
Paid Time Off

Basic Requirements:
Eligible to work in the U.S.
At least 21 years of age
Must be able to Successfully pass a drug and pre-employment screen.

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS AVAILABLE!

We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment regardless of age, national origin, race, color, disability, religious beliefs, or sexual orientation.

Location: 400 Littlefield Ave, South San Francisco, CA 94080
Related keywords: delivery driver, driver, hiring immediately

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $21.00 - $22.00 per hour

Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift

Experience:

Driving: 1 year (Preferred)

License/Certification:

Driver's License (Required)

Work Location:

One location

Work Remotely:

No
8 days ago
If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.
Report job
