Title: computer support specialist – registered apprentice_menlo park ca
- job post 
 Location: Menlo Park, CA 94025 
 Description: Job details
Job Type
Apprenticeship
Full Job Description

Red Knight Solutions has teamed with the Department of Labor in order to easily and quickly get you started in a NEW CAREER!

If you are ready for a new career and just don't know where to start, we can help! We are looking for people who are ready to take the next step in life. Entry Level - YES; No Experience - YES; Career Change - YES:

Please review our program at https://rksbh.com/valiant-workforce/


As per our partnership agreement with the Department of Labor, you will spend 200 hours (5 weeks) in our virtual training facility. During this time, you will be gaining the skills and knowledge necessary to obtain and test for your A+ certification, along with several proprietary OEM certifications. You will then head out to the field to run break-fix repair calls and be part of a 2000 hour on the job training program.

Job Description:

Responsibilities and Skills

Providing customer break fix support for designated equipment
Communicating clearly in written and verbal form
Possess excellent customer service skills
Accepting and delivery of all service calls assigned
Completing all administrative tasks associated with each call
Responsible for control and return of assets and inventory
Other duties may be assigned to meet business needs
May provide functional guidance to colleagues

Requirements

Ability to drive yourself to client locations
Ability to lift and or move various computer equipment up to 50 lbs.
Valid driver’s license
Reliable transportation with valid registration and adequate insurance Additional requirements may exist if offer of employment is extended
Must own a basic repair tool kit

If you were to try and obtain these certifications on your own, it would be roughly $10K each, however, we are supplementing the cost of the certifications. You will have virtual classroom and lab time. This is a 1 year commitment and upon graduation of the Registered Apprentice program, you will also receive a certification that is accepted at all employers. Keep in mind, in order to attend the training, you already have a job in place.

Apply today to learn more!

RED KNIGHT SOLUTIONS, LLC
1 day ago
Report job
