Title: computer repair technician
- job post 
 Location: San Jose, CA 
 Description: Job details
Salary
From $18 an hour
Job Type
Part-time
Contract
Number of hires for this role
2
Qualifications

High school or equivalent (Preferred)

Full Job Description

Bowman Tech Services is a full service, IT Support and Computer Repair company servicing all of California. We are seeking a part-time and/or full-time Level 1 computer technician to assist our clientele.

A Level 1 computer technician is directly responsible for diagnosing and repairing laptops and desktops with varying issues such as viruses, software issues and hardware issues. Must fluently know all versions of Windows operating systems. Must be well organized, ability to successfully multitask, self-starter and be able to follow written procedures and verbal directions.
SKILLS REQUIRED:

minimum of two years recent work history as a computer technician
Microsoft Software
Repair PC desktops and laptops
Repair Mac desktops and laptops
Installations of hardware and software
Networking configuration of client computers
Fluent knowledge of Windows 10, 8, 7

OFFICE SKILLS:

Checking in and out client computers
Assist with office needs including scanning, answering phones, etc…
Research and ordering parts

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:

MUST HAVE reliable transportation
Positive attitude
Clear and understandable speaking voice
Great customer service and listening skills
Ability to manage multiple tasks at same time.
Some heavy lifting involved (50lbs and under)
High school or equivalent
Computer service: 2 years
Customer Service Skills: 2 years

TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION:
Please email your resume. Top candidates will be contacted via email to schedule an interview. Thanks for applying!

Job Types: Part-time, Contract

Pay: From $18.00 per hour

Benefits:

Flexible schedule

Schedule:

Day shift

Education:

High school or equivalent (Preferred)

Experience:

Microsoft: 2 years (Preferred)
computer repair: 3 years (Preferred)

Willingness To Travel:

100% (Preferred)

Full Time Opportunity:

No

Work Location:

Multiple locations

Hours per week:

20-29

Work Remotely:

No

COVID-19 Precaution(s):

Personal protective equipment provided or required
30+ days ago
If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.
Report job
